Hotfix/missing index pattern infra + gatekeeper-system flow inclusion/exclusion (#136)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-logging: docs/releases/v3.1.1.md

# Logging Core Module Release 3.1.1

Welcome to the latest release of `logging` module of [`Kubernetes Fury Distribution`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution) maintained by team SIGHUP.

> This is a patch release that with some fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a patch release that includes bug fixes, see [here for more](#bug-fixes-and-changes-).
```

Reviewer: fixed in my PR to this PR.

|--------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `opensearch`             | [`v2.5.0`](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/releases/tag/2.5.0)                        | `No update`      |
| `opensearch-dashboards`  | [`v2.5.0`](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/releases/tag/2.5.0)             | `No update`      |
| `cerebro`                | [`v0.9.4`](https://github.com/lmenezes/cerebro/releases/tag/v0.9.4)                                    | `No update`      |
| `logging-operator`       | [`v3.17.10`](https://github.com/banzaicloud/logging-operator/releases/tag/3.17.10)                     | `No update`      |
| `loki-distributed`       | [`v2.7.3`](https://github.com/grafana/loki/releases/tag/v2.7.3)                                        | `No update`      |
| `minio-ha`               | [`vRELEASE.2023-01-12T02-06-16Z`](https://github.com/minio/minio/tree/RELEASE.2023-01-12T02-06-16Z)    | `No update`      |

## Bug Fixes and Changes 🐛

- Missing index pattern `infra-*` on OpenSearch Dashboards

> - `gatekeeper-system` was not excluded from kubernetes flow and included in infra flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gatekeeper-system` namespace was not excluded from kubernetes flow and included in infra flow
```

Reviewer: fixed in my PR to this PR.
